The kingdom of a small North Sea family
It also talks about my life and death
Well, in that case
Then the Wang family will be destroyed
Kid West
MLM order
Beihai Wang Jiaming
Hahahaha
The acting is good
You've been practicing for a long time
My royal family has prospered for a hundred years
deeply rooted
rich background
You want to bring down my Wang family with one phone call
From afternoon
There must be a limit to bragging
Even the top concierge of Great Xia
As long as I want
It's just an instant
If you don't believe me
Wait a moment to know the truth
He can wait, but I can't
Xiao Wuji's death has arrived
I have been working hard for decades
Now I've finally hit that line
Got 50 billion order
From Now On
My royal family finally stands on the top of the North Sea
Even a hundred years later
I went down to see my ancestors
There is also light on the face, hahaha.
Lao Yue is not good
My company was suddenly attacked by a massive amount of money
without plunging
impending bankruptcy
Dealers have also cancelled their cooperation with us.
What can be done?